Update concepts-business-continuity.md (#64434)
Azure/azure-content: articles/mysql/flexible-server/concepts-business-continuity.md

| **Storage failure** | Applications do not see any impact for any storage-related issues such as a disk failure or a physical block corruption. As the data is stored in 3 copies, the copy of the data is  served by the surviving storage. Block corruptions are automatically corrected. If a copy of data is lost, a new copy of the data is automatically created. | For non-recoverable errors, the flexible server is failed over to the standby replica to reduce downtime. Refer to [HA concepts page](./concepts-high-availability.md) for more details. |

> | **Logical/user errors** | Recovery from user errors, such as accidentally dropped tables or incorrectly updated data, involves performing a [point-in-time recovery](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/mysql/flexible-server/concepts-backup-restore) (PITR), by restoring and recovering the data until the time just before the error had occurred.<br> <br>  If you want to restore only a subset of databases or specific tables rather than all databases in the database server, you can restore the database server in a new instance, export the table(s) via [pg_dump](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgdump.html), and then use [pg_restore](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgrestore.html) to restore those tables into your database. | These user errors are not protected with high availability due to the fact that all user operations are replicated to the standby too. |

Reviewer: We need to use relative links to the .md file and not https links 

```suggestion
| **Logical/user errors** | Recovery from user errors, such as accidentally dropped tables or incorrectly updated data, involves performing a [point-in-time recovery](concepts-backup-restore.md) (PITR), by restoring and recovering the data until the time just before the error had occurred.<br> <br>  If you want to restore only a subset of databases or specific tables rather than all databases in the database server, you can restore the database server in a new instance, export the table(s) via [pg_dump](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgdump.html), and then use [pg_restore](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgrestore.html) to restore those tables into your database. | These user errors are not protected with high availability due to the fact that all user operations are replicated to the standby too. |
```
